MAN: Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
TIG: What do you think he's
writing in those little pads?
It's a children's book.
I know you've talked,
and you have your
recommendation.
Before you deliver it,
I'd like to say something.
Of course.
JAX: I was wrong.
We found out from Lin
it wasn't Jury
who told the Chinese
about the guns.
It was Barosky.
You know this means
a mayhem vote.
PACKER:
President killing a president.
Sends a dangerous message.
I'll make sure
they vote the right way.
Jax suggested that you take us?
Yeah.
I just told him
I was headed to the farm.
I guess all the wreckage
is catching up with him.
As much as I don't want
to pull Abel out of school,
I think it would be good for him
to get out of here
for a few days.
Connor was using
your war in Oakland
to drum up some new customers.
Find Connor.
Send him home in a box.
And when you do,
I'll take the proposal
about your Mexican brethren
and make sure
the other Kings at least
give it a trial run.
TYLER: So I set this meeting
with Connor, you grab him,
lock down the guns
for the Mayans.
It's gonna have to
happen tonight.
I need that meeting
with Connor tomorrow.
GEMMA:
The night Tara was killed,
I got a real good look at that
guy that was in the house.
Chinese killed Tara.
JAX:
I need the truth.
Tara was dead.
Your mom was on the floor,
covered in blood.
Gemma.
Is it true?
Yes.
You should go.
I just got a call from
your grandfather's nursing home.
I guess Gemma
is visiting her dad.
I didn't know that.
Well, I found out
where Gemma is.
That was her on the phone?
No, that was Jax.
NERO:
Gemma's gone to Oregon,
at her dad's.
Jax knows where she's at.
Oh, shit.
You got to head
up there, Wayne.
UNSER:
I'm arresting her, son.
Taking her back to Charming.
Get out of here, Unser.
No.
Get up.
Come on, get up.
Go home, Wayne.
This is all I got left.
GEMMA: I'd like to go out to
the garden, if that's okay.
You have to do this.
It's who we are, sweetheart.
I'm ready.
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
LYLA: Okay, now, I want you
to lay down.
And you're gonna straddle Dom
with your back
facing the camera.
And then roll and grind.
Get the butt bouncing.
We're pretty tight.
Exactly. Perfect.
And, Dom, you can give her
some tongue if you want.
Okay. Looks great.
Uh, let's do a rehearsal.
You good?
Yeah.
We're all set here, Jackie.
All right.
Hang out.
We'll let you know how it goes.
I'm here, brother.
Enjoy the rehearsal.
Which one is this?
I believe
it's Fat Ass in My Face.
Of course it is.
We're all about the poetry, man.
LYLA: Okay, perfect.
JAX: How goes it, Fellini?
LYLA: (chuckles) Good.
Just sold three more Fat Asses
to our distributor.
Humiliation is very hot.
Tell me about it.
(Lyla giggles)
I love you, sweetheart.
I love you, too, Jax.
(door closes)
Where are we at with Tyler?
Well, he's left
messages for Connor,
but hasn't heard anything back.
Gave him a time and place.
Lowry Field, 10:00.
Let's go early, talk to Tyler.
Make sure the Niners are moving
on those Chinese blocks.
HAPPY: I'll let him know.
TIG: Hey, boss.
We heard that Hench and Monroe
are still in town.
We're all kind of wondering why.
CHIBS: Yeah.
We got to know, Jackie,
what went down with this forum.
I got their recommendation.
I'm still thinking about it.
Trying to figure out
what's best for the club.
You'll know soon, all right?
CHIBS: Aye.
Right now,
let's vote on something
that actually makes sense: T.O.
(group muttering)
I talked to Packer
and the others.
I told them, it's a charter
by charter choice.
They don't have to like it,
but I need support
from club leaders.
This can't cause
any kind of exodus.
We need this to land.
And they agreed.
Beautiful.
Then I nominate Taddarius
Orwell Cross...
Jesus Christ.
(Tig laughs)
...for the SAMCRO patch.
I second it.
All in favor?
ALL: Yea!
Any discussion or dissent?
Uh...
His name is Taddarius?
Call him that
and see what happens.
TIG: He should have
the top rocker, my brother.
T.O. should not be prospecting.
I mean, he-he led the
Bastards for a decade now.
And what he's done for us
the past few weeks...
Agreed.
He waits a year before
he can hold an office,
but he should be a full patch.
CHIBS: So?
We're all good with that?
ALL: Yeah!
Well... go get him.
Taddarius?
Come on in.
T.O.: Unless I came out of
your goddamn womb,
don't ever call me that.
You dig...
little indie biker boy?
(door closes)
What if we called you SAMCRO?
(laughter)
(pounding on table)
(men shouting)
Welcome.
My brother.
Shit.
Can't believe it.
Thank you, man.
I know what a risk this vote is
for you guys.
The heat that'll come with it.
Change is good, my friend.
CHIBS: Yeah.
Can't get much hotter
than it has been round here.
True that.
-Put it on, bitch.
-Yeah.
So happy. I'm so happy.
So happy.
Congratulations, man. Oh!
Yeah, my brother.
Welcome, bro.
Thank you, man.
-Big man.
-QUINN: Ah.
(knocking on door)
-Hey, morning.
-NERO: Morning.
I think
I'm pretty much all set.
Abel's got a half-day,
so I'll pick him up and we'll
head out, okay?
Yeah, sounds good.
Baby asleep?
No, he's with Brooke,
running errands.
I didn't see the bike
out there,
so I'm assuming, uh,
Jax ain't here, huh?
No, he got in
at almost 4:00 last night.
Left before I woke up.
And you don't know
where he is, huh?
Um, at TM or-or the
porn studio, I'd imagine.
Why? Everything okay?
Huh? Yeah.
Yeah.
No, he just left a message.
Uh, wanted to touch base
before I split.
You heard from Gemma?
No.
Need me to do something?
No, I-I think I'm good.
Maybe just pick up some snacks
for the ride?
Sure. Stuff with
a lot of sugar, right?
WENDY: Yeah.
So Abel can run
alongside the car.
(chuckles) Thanks.
(door slams)
You heard from Connor?
TYLER: Yeah.
Talked to him
right after I spoke to you guys.
Said he gonna be here at 10:00.
And he got some requests.
CHIBS: Oh, yeah?
Like what?
Couple of first-class tickets
to Guatemala?
Close.
He said that
we should double the order.
As a sign of good faith.
Give some comfort to the Kings
about August's arrest.
Good.
Make sure he gets his two bags
of nothing.
TYLER:
He got a crew with him?
He should be alone.
And scared.
So what's happening
in Ghosttown?
We already got
Market Street locked down.
Purple Set should have
everything else under control
by the end of the week.
Nice.
You let us know if you need
any more help with that,
all right?
Think we good there.
I'm more worried
about my former boss.
He gets out this afternoon, bro.
Marks won't be a problem.
Says the guy that
lives 70 miles away.
We'll be down by the
causeway, two minutes away.
Keep one of your guys
in the car,
have him call us as soon
as Connor shows, all right?
Yeah.
All right.
(car approaching)
Shit! Go!
We got it!
♪ ♪
(tires screeching)
(truck horn blaring)
Shit!
(grunts)
(dolls chattering)
DOLLS: Mama... Mama...
(Tig shouting)
(tires screeching)
CHIBS: Irish prick!
That Connor's
gonna dig a deep hole now.
Yeah, but he still needs
to find a way out.
Call Declan.
Tell him I need to talk to
Connor's guy Hugh.
All right.
Have him meet us at Red Woody.
Hap, you set?
HAPPY: Yeah.
JAX: All right, let's go.
CHIBS: Eyes up.
CHUCK:
He hasn't come back yet.
Guess he's still with Gemma.
Okay.
CHUCK: Hey, uh, the sheriffs
were here looking for her.
Why?
I don't know.
I didn't talk to them.
What's going on, Nero?
Is Gemma okay?
I'm not an idiot.
I know something bad happened.
I know you're not
an idiot, Chucky. I...
I don't know what happened.
That's the truth.
I'll poke around in here.
Maybe someone's
left him a message.
Hey. He doesn't
have a phone in there.
I'll figure it out.
(door creaks)
(ship horn blows in distance)
CHIBS: What's up, brother?
What do you need?
JAX: Sit down.
Thanks, brother.
What's going on?
I need
to tell you some things
you're not gonna want to hear.
I need you to listen.
Trust that what I want is the
best thing for me and my family.
For our club.
Absolutely.
I told Packer the truth
about Jury.
Came clean about everything.
Their recommendation
was a mayhem vote.
Mother of Christ, Jack,
that-that's just
not gonna happen.
-Listen, Chibs...
-No.
You need to hear me out.
All right?
Aye.
Okay.
I'm listening.
Hey.
Thanks for doing this.
-Where's Teller?
-I'll go get him.
Why don't you guys
just go take a seat.
Hey, what-what's going on?
What happened to that guy?
Who knows? He's Irish.
They're born beaten up.
You should call it a day,
sweetheart.
Well, I still have
a few more hours of work.
Tomorrow.
Yeah, okay.
Hey!
Is Jax okay?
We're all good.
TIG:
Jax?
Irish are here
with Connor's guy.
How many?
Declan, one soldier.
All right,
bring them all up.
Chibby okay?
Yeah.
JAX: This is how you learn
to be a leader, brother.
Doing the shit
that hurts the most.
Shit you'd rather
make someone else do.
It's a part of the gig.
It's how you earn respect.
I need your word
you're gonna do as I asked.
You have my word.
(Chibs sniffling)
(door opens)
Ah, bastards.
TIG: Jax?
You ready for this?
Always.
Appreciate the help.
DECLAN: I heard your first
plan went a bit off the rails.
CHIBS: Yeah, well...
we underestimated
Connor's paranoia.
That's what
we need you for, Hugh.
I don't know
where the hell he is.
If we couldn't beat
it out of him...
No more beat-downs.
I need you to call Connor.
Tell him you got away from the
Kings, you found a way out.
He knows Roarke grabbed me.
He's not gonna walk into a trap.
TIG: He'll show up.
HUGH:
And why would he do that?
(screams)
HUGH:
Mother of Christ!
Because you're gonna
send him a picture of them.
Set it up.
When we get a time,
let Roarke know.
(camera clicks)
(knocking on door)
(door opens)
LT, the D.A.'s here.
District Attorney Patterson,
I didn't realize
you were coming by.
PATTERSON: Neither did I.
Thank you.
Sit.
Where are we with the
Knowles/Roosevelt case?
I thought we had a break,
but we found out
our suspect wasn't in the state
the night of the murders.
And now one of
your witnesses is dead.
Yes.
Ortiz was killed
in Stockton yesterday.
And Gemma Teller
seems to be MIA.
We've been
looking for her all morning.
I'm sure she found out
her scapegoat was bogus.
You think she knows who did it?
I think she helps get us there.
PATTERSON: Mm-hmm.
Any idea why Jax Teller
wants to see me?
He called my office
to set a time this afternoon.
No idea.
Maybe something
to do with his mother?
Maybe.
Find the matriarch.
Put out an APB.
Right away.
Has Unser been of any use?
Yeah, he's a good cop.
I will bring him up to speed.
I know you got dropped
in the middle
of a blood feud.
Your numbers don't reflect
the effort you've put in.
Policing streets
owned by outlaws
is a complicated
and dangerous dance.
Knowing when to bend,
when to push back.
Getting close,
but not too close.
You are the right person
for the job.
I still believe that.
Hang in there, Lieutenant.
(door closes)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
It's just me, Con.
It's just me.
Come in.
What the hell happened here?
How did you get
the drop on Declan?
HUGH: I'll fill you
in on it, mate, all right?
It's a complicated story.
Complicated?
Oh, you...
You're gonna want
to listen to them, Connor.
You bloody lundy prick you.
You're a popular guy, Connor.
This is between me
and the Kings.
The Kings wouldn't want
you dead if you weren't trying
to sell our guns behind
everyone's back.
That was just business.
Aye.
'Cause we were wondering
why you were so quiet
while we were
slamming up against Marks.
Who are you selling to?
It was outside
of your territory.
Specifics!
Salvadorians.
Outside of Nevada.
Some Chinese
and Russians up north.
No one you know.
Roarke said you had
access to AKs and Glocks.
Rogue IRA members or some shit.
Aye.
And what kind of volume
were you promising?
I can get
as many AKs as I want.
And about half the Glocks.
Aw, shit.
Good to see you again, Connor.
It's always a pleasure
to see you, Mr. Roarke.
Where's Declan?
He's dead.
CONNOR: Jesus!
JAX: We have a new plan for
you and your rogue guns.
Alvarez will distribute
here in Northern Cali.
Mayans will move as much stock
as you can get from Dungloe.
TIG:
Our Belfast charter
is gonna be your boots
on the ground in Ireland.
They're gonna work with
your guys from Armagh.
They're up to speed, they're
gonna deal with the IRA heat.
You'll cargo guns to Stockton
instead of Mendocino.
We own the port.
We'll keep you alive,
protect you
from the IRA blowback.
I think the words
you're looking for, Con...
are "Thank you very much."
Aye.
I get it.
JAX:
Don't worry about breaking
any IRA culture barriers.
You're just an outlaw
like the rest of us now.
HUGH:
It's our only play, Con.
We can't go home again.
And we're dead men in Belfast.
I know.
Okay.
I'll make this work.
And?
Thank you.
Oh, Jackson?
You just killed an IRA King.
There's no coming back
from that, lad.
My old man tried to
sever that tie 20 years ago.
Better late than never.
(engine rumbling)
(engine shuts off)
JAX: Thanks for coming.
Yeah, no problem.
The hell happened there?
Oh... tangled with a truck.
Truck won.
Are you heading out?
Yeah, I'm waiting for Wendy.
I'm gonna take her car.
Little hard
to strap a baby seat
into the cholo machine, huh?
Not too many child
safety laws in 1964, man.
Give us a minute, Chucky.
Sure.
I put the plates
on your dad's bike.
Thank you.
CHUCK:
Okay.
(file drawer opens, closes)
NERO: What's this?
(Jax sighs)
I need you to handle
some business for me.
I had a lawyer start
the paperwork already.
What business?
It's all in here.
I'm giving Wendy
the garage and the houses.
I want her to sell everything,
take that money,
set herself and
the kids up somewhere else.
Maybe in Norco with you.
Or... she still has family
on the East Coast.
Whatever she wants.
It just can't be Charming.
Wh-What are you doing
here, Jax?
What I should have done
when my wife was still alive.
My piece of Diosa and Red Woody
go to the MC
and to the dummy corp.
They should use the profits
to buy Scoops.
Set that up as home base.
Hale will sell it to us cheap.
Apparently, grenades lower
property value.
I'm gonna put it
right here, okay?
And, uh, why am I doing this?
Where the hell you gonna be?
I'm leaving, Nero.
Why?
You know why.
Gemma.
Yeah.
(sighs)
Jesus, Jax.
I'm sorry.
I did what I know how to do.
What Gemma knew had to be done.
The lies caught up
to all of us, man.
I tried to hide from it.
Make it legit, run away from it.
This is who I am.
I can't change.
NERO: No.
(exhales sharply)
I need you to promise
that you'll make sure
that my boys leave this place.
So they don't become
what I've become.
(car approaching)
(knocking on door)
CHUCK: Jax.
Wendy and your boys are here.
(Nero sniffles)
Where you gonna go?
I'm not sure.
What am I gonna tell Wendy?
Everything.
When the time comes...
...she needs to tell my sons
who I really am.
I'm not a good man.
I'm a criminal and a killer.
I need my sons to grow up...
...hating the thought of me.
ABEL (in distance):
Daddy!
Hey, you little
monster man!
What's going on?
Just reminiscing.
JAX (gently):
Hey.
You be good for Mommy, okay?
Wendy?
Yeah.
(sniffles)
(Thomas babbles)
It's okay
to call her Mommy, you know.
She'd probably really like it.
She might even give you
some more candy, if you did.
(whispers):
Hey.
You listen to Nero, okay?
He's Daddy's best friend.
What he says goes.
Okay.
You have fun.
Enjoy all those animals, okay?
(Thomas crying)
(whispers):
I love you, son.
WENDY: Oh, all right.
Love you, Daddy.
(kisses, sniffles)
I love you, son.
NERO:
Come on, monster.
Let's strap you up.
What's the matter, Jax?
What happened?
Everything's gonna be fine.
You're a good mom, Wendy.
I love you.
We should go.
(back door closes)
You gonna tell me
what's going on?
I will. I will.
Not now.
(engine starts)
Take care, Chucky.
Bye.
RAT BOY: She's alone.
Okay.
I'm good, Rat.
What are you doing here?
You don't pick up
your phone anymore.
Been a bit busy
the last couple days.
Patterson put out
an APB on Gemma this morning.
Needs answers on what she saw
the night of Tara's murder.
Think she's up north.
We need to talk to her.
So talk to her.
I ain't our mother's keeper.
That it?
No.
Whatever this is or was...
it's done.
You want to play
this game again?
I'm not playing, Filip.
I don't want your payoff
and I don't want you.
From now on, I'm just a cop,
you're just an outlaw.
We both do what we have to do.
I think that's a mistake.
Why?
'Cause you have feelings for me?
No.
'Cause cops who land on the
wrong side of us...
they tend to go away.
Are you threatening me?
Don't have to.
History doesn't lie.
Stay safe, Sheriff.
Okay.
I brought Tyler
up to speed on the Irish.
Okay, good.
What about T.O.?
I sent him to help Alvarez
sort out all that shit
with Connor.
He shouldn't be
a part of this vote.
I know.
Okay.
Let's bring them to the table.
Tell them the truth.
We need everyone on board.
Are we...
really doing this, brother?
We have to.
(Tig breathing unsteadily)
Hey.
I need you, Tiggy.
Get right.
(Tig exhales)
Yeah.
I am.
I will.
I'm here.
Anything you need,
I'm here for you, brother.
(knocking on door)
(door opens)
ASSISTANT:
Mr. Teller is here.
PATTERSON: Thank you.
Appreciate you taking the time.
PATTERSON:
I was very curious.
The last time we sat down,
talking wasn't
very high on your agenda.
And by the level of violence
escalating in Oakland,
I'm guessing...
you've been busy.
I have.
That's why I'm here.
But first, I want to thank you
for trying to help Tara.
I know that was more personal
than professional.
If you're truly grateful,
you could cooperate with us.
Give us what you know
about her murder.
I'll give you everything.
You might want to record this.
I didn't have time
to write it down.
This is a statement
by Jax Teller,
president of the Sons of Anarchy
Motorcycle Club,
the Redwood charter.
Redwood Original.
It wasn't the Chinese
that killed my wife,
Tara Knowles.
It wasn't anyone
outside the club.
It was my mother.
Gemma Teller killed Tara
in a fit of rage,
and then Juice--
Juan Carlos Ortiz--
killed Eli Roosevelt
to protect Gemma.
Good Lord.
How do you know that?
She admitted it.
So did Juice.
Where is Gemma now?
In Oregon, with Unser.
My grandfather's house.
It's Klamath County.
What about Henry Lin,
and all the other
bodies that dropped?
Turn it off.
Gemma and Juice came up
with that Chinese fiction
that set me on fire.
You know I'm not gonna cop to
the retaliation, though.
Incriminating my club.
What happens
when the street finds out
it all went
down because of a lie?
Everyone it could impact
is now either informed
or has moved on.
What the hell does that mean?
It means by the end of the day,
the violence in Oakland
and Stockton will be over.
Why the end of the day?
(sighs)
You've been very fair with me.
I wanted you to have the truth.
Jackson.
What happens
at the end of the day?
The bad guys lose.
You know it... has to happen.
It's what this charter
needs to do.
We can't allow our hearts...
to be louder than our reason.
All those...
All those in favor...
of Jackson Teller...
meeting Mr. Mayhem.
Yea.
Yes.
(sniffles)
Jax Teller...
meets Mr. Mayhem.
(gavel knocks)
♪ ♪
(doorbells jingle)
Well, look who it is.
What can I do for you,
Handsome Jack?
(woman screams, man grunts)
(camera clicking)
(siren whoops outside)
(indistinct radio chatter)
(camera clicking)
(traffic passing)
Who are you?
It's time.
AUGUST:
I want everyone there.
I need a full account of where
we're at.
BODYGUARD:
Yes, sir.
AUGUST: What time's the city
council meeting?
BODYGUARD:
6:00.
AUGUST:
Let's do it after that.
I want Ramirez there.
(woman screams)
(sighs)
(door slides closed)
(Jax sighs)
(threads rip)
Good choice.
It's your charter now, brother.
I'm ready.
(Happy grunts)
You okay?
Yeah.
I'll tell Packer
you laid down some fire.
You got away.
I would never put
this burden on you guys.
We know that, brother.
I love all of you.
(Happy sobs softly)
(whispers):
I have no words.
No words.
CHIBS:
I love you, my brother.
I'll make you proud.
(kisses, sniffles)
I got this.
(engine starts)
(engine rumbling in distance)
Okay. Bye.
Put out an APB on Jax Teller.
Multiple homicide.
OFFICER: Yes, ma'am.
OFFICER: Hey, Mike.
Got a BOLO to go out
immediately.
All cars; wire, too.
All points lookout for
Jax Teller-- Caucasian male...
(engine rumbling)
JAX: I think the struggle
I understand best...
even more than all the things
you wanted for SAMCRO...
and all we eventually became...
the one I feel the most
is the war of the mind.
Happens when
you try to get right
with both family and patch.
That fear and guilt crippled me.
I realized, as I think you did,
a good father and a good outlaw
can't settle
inside the same man.
(indistinct radio chatter
in distance)
I'm sorry, JT.
It was too late for me.
I was already inside it.
And Gemma...
...she had plans.
It's not too late for my boys.
I promise, they will never know
this life of chaos.
DISPATCHER:
Copy.
Please stand by.
I know who you are now.
And what you did.
(crow cawing in distance)
I love you, Dad.
(engine starts)
(siren whoops)
I need you to get off the bike.
(engine rumbling)
OFFICER:
Requesting backup. Shots fired.
Requesting backup.
(siren wailing)
(slow, soulful intro playing)
♪ There's a black bird ♪
♪ Perched outside my window ♪
♪ I hear him calling ♪
♪ I hear him sing ♪
♪ He burns me with ♪
♪ His eyes of gold to embers ♪
♪ He sees all my sins ♪
♪ He reads my soul ♪
♪ One day that bird ♪
♪ He spoke to me ♪
♪ Like Martin Luther ♪
♪ Like Pericles ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
♪ Come fly with black ♪
♪ We'll give you freedom ♪
♪ From the human trap ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
♪ Soar on my wings ♪
♪ You'll touch the hand of God ♪
♪ And he'll make you king... ♪
♪ And he'll make you king ♪
♪ On a blanket
made of woven shadows ♪
(sirens wailing)
♪ I flew up to heaven ♪
♪ On a raven's glide ♪
♪ His angels have ♪
♪ Turned my wings to wax now ♪
♪ I fell like Judas ♪
♪ Grace denied ♪
♪ And on that day
he lied to me ♪
♪ Like Martin Luther ♪
♪ Like Pericles ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
♪ Come fly with black ♪
♪ We'll give you freedom ♪
♪ From the human trap ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
♪ Soar on my wings ♪
♪ You'll touch the hand of God ♪
♪ And he'll make you king... ♪
♪ And he'll make you king ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I walk among ♪
♪ The children of my fathers ♪
♪ The broken wings ♪
♪ Betrayal's cost ♪
♪ They call to me ♪
♪ But never touch my heart now ♪
♪ I'm too far ♪
♪ I'm too lost ♪
♪ All I can hear
is what he spoke to me ♪
♪ Like Martin Luther ♪
♪ Like Pericles ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
(crow cawing)
♪ Come fly with black ♪
♪ We'll give you freedom ♪
♪ From the human trap ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
♪ Soar on my wings ♪
♪ You'll touch the hand of God ♪
♪ And he'll make you king... ♪
♪ And he'll make you king ♪
(crows cawing)
♪ ♪
♪ So now I curse ♪
♪ That raven's fire ♪
(sirens wailing)
♪ You made me hate ♪
♪ You made me burn ♪
♪ He laughed aloud ♪
♪ As he flew from Eden ♪
♪ You always knew ♪
♪ You never learn ♪
♪ The crow no longer
sings to me ♪
♪ Like Martin Luther ♪
♪ Or Pericles ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
♪ Come fly with black ♪
♪ We'll give you freedom ♪
(engine revving)
♪ From the human trap ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
♪ Soar on my wings ♪
♪ You'll touch the hand of God ♪
♪ And he'll make you king ♪
♪ Come join the murder ♪
♪ Come fly with black ♪
Jesus!
-(tires screeching)
-♪ We'll give you freedom ♪
♪ From the human trap... ♪
(truck horn blaring)
(distorted squawking)
(crash, crows cawing)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org